https://github.com/ros/genpy.git -b main
https://github.com/ros-o/roscpp_core.git -b obese-devel
https://github.com/ros/pluginlib.git -b noetic-devel
https://github.com/ros/rospack.git -b noetic-devel
https://github.com/ros/genlisp.git -b kinetic-devel
https://github.com/ros-o/rosconsole.git -b obese-devel
https://github.com/ros-o/message_generation.git -b obese-devel
https://github.com/ros-o/gencpp.git -b obese-devel
https://github.com/ros/message_runtime.git -b kinetic-devel
https://github.com/ros/dynamic_reconfigure.git -b noetic-devel
https://github.com/ros/common_msgs.git -b noetic-devel
https://github.com/ros-o/actionlib.git -b noetic-devel
https://github.com/ros/ros.git -b noetic-devel
https://github.com/ros-o/ros_comm.git -b obese-devel
https://github.com/RethinkRobotics-opensource/gennodejs.git -b kinetic-devel
https://github.com/ros/genmsg.git -b kinetic-devel
https://github.com/CentraleNantesRobotics/baxter_legacy -b main
https://github.com/ros/std_msgs.git -b kinetic-devel
https://github.com/ros/ros_comm_msgs.git -b kinetic-devel
https://github.com/ros/catkin.git -b noetic-devel
https://github.com/ros-perception/vision_opencv.git -b noetic
https://github.com/ros/cmake_modules.git -b 0.5-devel
https://github.com/ros/class_loader.git -b melodic-devel
https://github.com/jsk-ros-pkg/geneus.git -b master
